First, and the second is, strengthening, strengthening, by stronger. So secondly, strengthening,
and the third is, then, stabilize, completely stabilize.
The fourth one, when we use the great technique by the great teacher, Bodhachaktam Muni Mohasadam.
Such a teaching said, "Look at it, look at it." That simple technique, we discover what, in a
religion, as I said, so many times now, that we discover, that, that is really what we discover.
But how long that lasts for us? That is, questions. We discover that, maybe, post one second. But
after that, kind of, in a blurred way. In a way, in the deep, deep, closes in the sky, kind of,
suddenly upward, window of the closed window, we see the sky. But then, immediately, in a blurred
way. Blurred way.
Now, we discover the old and natural. Now, we have to keep the practice. So that, recognizing, is
not enough. Now, we have to strengthen it. Strengthen it. By stronger. By stronger is only meant by
the meditation. Practice. There is no other solution.
Meditation, practice, with devotion, with accumulation of merit, practices. As I said the other day
, and you all know, that is what many in a teaching mentioned, that.
Realization only comes by the accumulating the merit and with strong devotion to the lineage. Line
age. This is not intellectual business. Intellectual, this and that, sculpture. That is the world of
duality.
If we are carried with those thoughts, then we are not really practicing. We are not going to gain
realization. We only got some intellectual other things. We like to gain the progress. We have
settled on our intellectual thoughts, skeptical thoughts, these and that things, and more
determination, more courage, and accumulating the merit, the practice.
That is what I call teaching. Those accumulation has two accumulations. Accumulating merit
practices and the wisdom merit, merit. You all know, too. Accumulating merit practices, all the
virtuous activities, such as generosity practices, morality practices, patient practices, and
concentration practices, all known as any day is connected with consumption, with good thought,
good intention.
Is accumulation merit practices. Wisdom merit practices is Dokhi meditation. O Mahamadhu meditation
, Madhebaka meditation, Pandya Parambhata meditation, also in the tea gait. So relax on the natural
state.
To bring the realization of the perfect understanding of the Dokhi realization, absolute truth,
need accumulation merit. Along with devotions, joy and appreciation, fifth richness, richness and
appreciation to the lineage, appreciation to the Buddha, all the Bodhisattvas, and all those
lineage masters.
That's why we really had this teaching. It's not something that we got out of the skull. Because,
dude, that means so many practitioners from 2,600 years ago, so many practices, practice these,
continue courage, continue the past, and now we go. We now connect.
We're connected to the golden chain of the lineage of the wisdom and the compassion. Lineage of
this lineage is lineage of wisdom and compassion together. We connect to that golden chain. In our
traces, our inheritance, our father's "A" or grandparent's "A" now we recapture that world of the
wisdom lineage.
We're going to observe to our own heart and mind, met ourself, one of those really warriors,
warriors who defeated all samsara obstacles, negative emotions, truly become warrior, warrior
inwardly, extendedly, so humble, so humble, humble, simple, daunted earth.
And so kind in compassion, knowing kindness. One of the great reasons in the teaching is that when
you have the realization of looking at teaching, you become that person who becomes so humble, so
simple, so compassionate.
Kindness, really. That means the discovered innate nature, nature of the mind. Nature of the mind
we discuss is trikaya. Trikaya means Buddha is embodiment of love, embodiment of compassion,
embodiment of wisdom. We discover that.
When we are our treasure, when we discover, that is what we also become. We will have that, really,
too. Not when you can't have big emotions, arrogance, and this and that, all that.
So humble, so practical, sensible, with full common senses. And so beautiful human beings, one of
the beautiful, really simple human beings, all the sentient beings. That is the sign of the
realization.
Read the life story of those great masters, even the Buddha. When we read the life story of his
teachings, Buddha is humble, how simple. And he was a royal teacher of so many kings and ministers,
these people.
But he didn't go on the golden chariot and walk on the street. I mean, going on the street. He
choose to walk with hair on his bare feet, carrying his own belongings and holding his arms both.
Arms and going with maksanga members. That's really true. And say on the vermitage, small vermitage
, we saw in the charastha, the located where the Buddha stayed. See, this is simple.
Really, with God making us big, this and that. That's how the great teacher was, our great teacher.
Our great teacher, who showed all these teachings, really, that's it.
And then all these masters, with the life story of the Bhagavan bodhisattvas, that even in this
lifetime, when you see his dhuniramud, they are so simple, really, so humble, simple.
When you look to your being with his own dhuniramud, he just looks like a normal person. Normal,
liberal person, not acting anything like this and that thing.
And of course, we student, Osmane student, oh, he is this, this, that. That's it. That's the way
the devotees told him.
But when he themselves, he did not act like that. Simple. And now this great teacher, such as his
own dhuniramud, really, so simple.
He often walked with his own, walked on the Bhagavan place, his own slippers, slippers, sandals,
sandals, and simple robes. That is why.
So, this is the relief. So, those are this. And now, as we see, so now we are going to do
liberating techniques.
Liberating techniques, as the great master said, now, liberating technique is here.